akarshlegala@Akarshs-MacBook-Pro chorus-lapilli % npm pack --dry-run
npm notice
npm notice 📦  chorus-lapilli@0.1.0
npm notice Tarball Contents
npm notice 10.7kB CL_test.py
npm notice 3.4kB README.md
npm notice 1.1kB chorus-lapilli.txt
npm notice 817B package.json
npm notice 3.9kB public/favicon.ico
npm notice 1.7kB public/index.html
npm notice 5.3kB public/logo192.png
npm notice 9.7kB public/logo512.png
npm notice 492B public/manifest.json
npm notice 67B public/robots.txt
npm notice 564B src/App.css
npm notice 4.1kB src/App.js
npm notice 189B src/App.test.js
npm notice 366B src/index.css
npm notice 257B src/index.js
npm notice 2.6kB src/logo.svg
npm notice 362B src/reportWebVitals.js
npm notice 241B src/setupTests.js
npm notice 968B src/styles.css
npm notice 1.1kB tic-tac-toe.txt
npm notice Tarball Details
npm notice name: chorus-lapilli
npm notice version: 0.1.0
npm notice filename: chorus-lapilli-0.1.0.tgz
npm notice package size: 30.5 kB
npm notice unpacked size: 47.9 kB
npm notice shasum: ad6ec9214d719a9e1a29345395d6c6c4ee1fa629
npm notice integrity: sha512-5YLhp2qnaNDp5[...]htbOQ5LdoZ7Ww==
npm notice total files: 20
npm notice
chorus-lapilli-0.1.0.tgz


Project Setup
    Initialized Project
        Ran npx create-react-app chorus-lapilli to set up a new React project named "chorus-lapilli".
        Used tic-tac-toe project as base.
        Verified that the project structure included the essential src, public, and configuration files.
    Organized Files     
        Added a basic styles.css for custom styling.
    Installed Dependencies
        Installed Selenium for testing (pip install selenium) to validate UI interactions.
        Verified that the setup imported libraries successfully, displaying documentation if needed.
    Component Development
        Square Component
            Created Square component to represent each cell on the 3x3 board.
            Added content and onClick props to manage displayed values and handle clicks.
            Tested initial rendering of the Square component with sample values to ensure correct UI output.
    Board Component 
        Built the Board component to organize squares into a 3x3 grid.
        Implemented selectSquare function to handle piece placement and movement based on game rules.
        Added logic to:
        Check if a square is empty before placing a piece.
        Restrict moves to adjacent empty squares once each player has three pieces on the board.
        Highlight the selected piece for movement after three pieces are placed.
        Tested the grid layout and click interactions for smooth, functional gameplay.
    Game Component
        Set up Game component as the main controller for state management, history tracking, and turn handling.
        Used useState to track:
        history: an array of board states to track each move.
        currentTurn: an integer to manage turn progression and allow users to jump between moves.
        highlightedSquare: identifies the selected piece when moving an existing piece.
        pieceTotals: tracks the count of pieces each player has on the board.
        Added handleTurn to update board state and piece totals, managing the move history by appending the latest state.
    Game Rules & Logic
        Move Limits and Piece Movement
        Configured the game to limit each player to a maximum of three pieces on the board. Once reached, players must move an existing piece to an adjacent empty square.
        Verified that the player can only select and move their own pieces.
        Highlighted the selected square for clarity, resetting highlightedSquare after a move is made.
        Center Square Rule
            Added logic to enforce that a player occupying the center square (index 4) with three pieces must either win the game with their move or vacate the center.
            Tested scenarios where the player could and couldn’t win while occupying the center, ensuring the rule triggered correctly.
            Win Detection
        Implemented determineWinner function to evaluate winning patterns.
        Checked each combination of three consecutive positions for the same symbol.
        Confirmed correct detection of wins across rows, columns, and diagonals.
    Move Restriction After Win  
        Added a conditional check in selectSquare to prevent further moves once a winner is declared.
        Verified this condition by trying to play after a winning move and confirming no action was taken.
    Test Harness & Additional Tests
        Initial Test Setup
            Set up the Python test harness for Chorus Lapilli. Configured it to autodiscover tests using pytest and Selenium.
            Created two initial example tests:
            Checked for an empty board state on refresh.
            Verified that clicking the top-left square places "X" if it’s the first move.
        Additional Tests
            Move Limit Enforcement: Tested that a player cannot place more than three pieces, verifying that any further attempts result in no action.
            Center Square Rule: Added a test to check that a player occupying the center with three pieces is forced to vacate it unless their move results in a win.
            Win Condition: Ensured that a player cannot make additional moves after achieving a winning line.
            Piece Movement Only to Adjacent Squares: Validated that after the third piece, movement is restricted to adjacent squares only.
            Verified all test results, confirming that each passed with no issues.
    Styling & Final Testing
        CSS Styling
            Created styles.css to style the board layout, squares, and game status.
            Ensured the board aligned correctly and squares displayed clearly, with added styles for selected piece highlighting.
    Testing Across Scenarios
        Ran various win scenarios to confirm accurate detection, including:
        Horizontal, vertical, and diagonal win patterns.
        Enforcement of the center square rule.
        Confirmed game functions correctly from start to finish, with all rules and restrictions working as intended.
Final Thoughts
Summary of Components:
Game manages overall state and player turns.
Board displays the 3x3 grid and handles move logic.
Square renders each board cell and handles click interactions.
Future Improvements: Potential enhancements include animations for piece movement or winning and adding a "reset" button for new games.